ai/config/_/skills/git-conventions/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: git-conventions
description: "Git command rules, commit message conventions, and safe usage patterns. Use when the user asks to commit, create a branch, check differences, write a commit message, or perform any git operation. Also use when discussing version control workflows or git safety."
---
# Git Conventions

## Overview

Rules for safe and consistent git usage.

## Command rules

1. Never use the command `push`.
2. Never use the option `force` `--force`.
3. Never amend commit to modify files, prefer adding more commits (fix commit) and explain the error/reason.
4. Before running a new git command, ask to add it in the allow list.
5. Do not hesitate to use git when checking differences with the previous version.
6. A task should be committed when tests pass (with assertions) and code coverage is verified.

## Commit message

A git commit message must start with:

- `feat(agt):` for feature
- `fix(agt):` when fixing the codebase
- `refac(agt):` for refactoring, mostly to prepare or finish a feat
- `chore(agt):` to cleanup the codebase, removing dead code
- `doc(agt):` when touching to .md files or documentation
- `test(agt):` when touching test only

## TODO markers

When adding todo in the code base, use the prefix `//TODO(agt)`.

Commit message:

feat(ai): add when to use section

ai/config/_/skills/git-conventions/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: git-conventions
description: "Git command rules, commit message conventions, and safe usage patterns. Use when the user asks to commit, create a branch, check differences, write a commit message, or perform any git operation. Also use when discussing version control workflows or git safety."
---
# Git Conventions

## When to use
- User asks to commit, stage, diff, or perform any git operation
- User asks to create a branch or write a commit message
- User asks to check differences with a previous version
- User mentions "git", "commit", "branch", "diff", or "version control"
- User is ready to commit after completing a task

## Overview

Rules for safe and consistent git usage.

## Command rules

1. Never use the command `push`.
2. Never use the option `force` `--force`.
3. Never amend commit to modify files, prefer adding more commits (fix commit) and explain the error/reason.
4. Before running a new git command, ask to add it in the allow list.
5. Do not hesitate to use git when checking differences with the previous version.
6. A task should be committed when tests pass (with assertions) and code coverage is verified.

## Commit message

A git commit message must start with:

- `feat(agt):` for feature
- `fix(agt):` when fixing the codebase
- `refac(agt):` for refactoring, mostly to prepare or finish a feat
- `chore(agt):` to cleanup the codebase, removing dead code
- `doc(agt):` when touching to .md files or documentation
- `test(agt):` when touching test only

## TODO markers

When adding todo in the code base, use the prefix `//TODO(agt)`.
